---
title: "In the press FrontLine CO."
---

May 3rd, 2020

Frontline Co. continues to surprise as they have finally found their spot in the top 3, though not yet for the game to date scoreboard. Having won the investment price from the Board of Directors, Frontline may be the company to pay attention to in this nerve-wrecking year. Where did those $75.000 go? Debt payment? Stock repurchase? A private jet to Onur Bilinmez? That surname ‘Bilinmez’ is suspicious. We all are curious to find out…

Rali Ka, Author for The GLO-BUS Post, reporting from Taipei City.


April 26 th, 2020

The GLO-BUS scoreboard is slowly approaching its final form. Aurora, Burger Ltd.Sti, Frontline Co. and Le Professeur have hung on to the top 4 spots once again. Whereas Le Professeur keeps the crown a little longer and Frontline Co. kept its #4 spots, Aurora took over the #2 spot from Burger Ltd.Sti., most likely angering the latter. But do Burger Ltd.Sti managers have what it takes to reclaim what was once theirs?
This year also marked the Board of Directors presentations. Frontline Co. amazed the juries during theirs. With deep knowledge, skills and a very well prepared, pleasantlooking presentation they have aced it and won the first investment prize of $75.000. We expect them to seize the opportunity and close the gap with the top-3.

Rali Ka, Author for The GLO-BUS Post reporting from Taipei City, in collaboration with Bel Di, Chief Editor of The GLO-BUS Post.


April 16 th, 2020

Finally, FronLine Co. has shown that the competition should count them in. They have been steadily improving since Year 7 and have found themselves to be 4th for the second consecutive year. FrontLine Co’s co-manager Onur Bilinmez has communicated to us the following: “Last year (year 10) we could have easily been among the first 3. However, this year it’s hard. I have no idea what will happen. Our goal is to be at least the second by year 15.”

Bel Di, Chief Editor of The GLO-BUS Post, reporting from Taipei City

